# About-Myself
About Myself

Hello Everyone, My name is Akash Wani and I am 24 years old software developer currrently living in Pune. I like to seek new opportunity in field of computer science by practicing and working on various new technologies. I have also completed my master's degree in the same. In this few years I have gained knowledge about various programming languages such as Java and Python also was enrolled and certified into multiple courses like full stack java development and full stack data science in python, where I have discovered how to make full fledged web application projects like online book store, online courses using springboot,REST API, mysql-workbench, angular, html,css,boostrap,etc and data science projects like multiple disease prediction,credit card fraud prediction,news test prediction using different libraries and models like NLP,Regression, Decision tress, Ada-Boost,etc. Also I am good in SQL for data manipultion and cleaning and Data visualition using Tableau and ETL reporting using ALteryx. I possess strong communication and analytical skills, enabling me to quickly adapt to new ideas and technologies. My areas of development are that I am detailed oriented to any task I have given, it is good when I have enough time for the task, incase in tight deadlines I try to complete it as soon as possible.I am working on it by creating subtasks and scheduling them based on priority.
Apart from technology I like to sketch, read historic and motivational books, trekking,etc. Talking about my family background , I belong to a middle class family.
Thats all about me.
